Hi What happened you disconnected last time Yes, tell me what you have with Crimea with Kherson I can’t understand the joke dream Russian troops retreated from Kherson And when back because it’s already like in Crimea it’s cops You say If you take in February then in August then in October I don’t remember what I said, we recently talked with you you were so cool burnt you loaded up so started yelling screaming Look I’m not worried I’m because Ukraine gave Kherson will take the cargo Look Let’s continue our conversation it turns out Russia turned out look near Kyiv got here they ran away that is, your troops fled from there Kherson was, but you didn’t think that winning without a battle is the highest military art Yes, to kill these syndics so much that they themselves ran away only there they could pick up a raccoon, and if they also leave the Crimea without a battle, what will you say, too, Russia is here forever of course Do you know that there is a city of Majorsk I don’t know Donetsk region I don’t know it looks  also with this city
what is now in this city
now in this city I ask what is
now in this city
who is
who and when
when is it possible today
and where can I read
but I see Dasha The Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation declared
to take and control the village of Mayorsk near
Donetsk what kind of  Majorca Let's
see,
don't laugh bakhmut shorter
Mallorca that this Majorca doesn't even
find it on Wikipedia because
the person is bored with you Not well, really
among Kherson Why is it boring because
there is nothing to say True podgaranchik
And why is it not interesting so I ask the
troops  The Russian Federation fled from
Kherson,
but what did they do
it can be called that the Ukrainian troops
are afraid of the
sense they were afraid now sappers are coming in
developed groups like well, everything entered
triumphantly
cheerful Ukrainian troops for a very long time
hollowed out the Pokakovskaya hydroelectric power station, now your
troops are very afraid that ours will be
[ __ ] up and you are all there  drown if
they scream this Gurzuf collaborator in
short,
so they surrendered Crimea from afar X  Yerson
will surrender Crimea as well. So the
Ukrainian troops are retreating in many
other directions. The
DPR reported control over the
Mayor’s to us. And this is September 3, September 15
, I see more news that the
DPR reported control over the Major.
Yes, now I’m looking an hour ago. It already
turns out on November 13 again, the Ministry of Defense
announced  it turns out that they took control of the village of
majors They announced in September
that they took majorca now
in November they announced after 2 months that
they took Myers
Well, for 19 for 15
Where is this mallorca in general skiki
there new york
Wikipedia is there a target mallorca a
few
but come on  let's
both
Mayorskoye told him that So at the Lomanskaya station of the
Danube Inlet Directorate
and the Kosmoenerskaya Majorsk station
you can find
[laughter]
two months is
notably shorter for all the
inhabitants of the Crimea before which they arrived there
from Russia also in  all those who were
collaborators, yes, I
recommend already somehow looking for housing
on mainland Russia
in the Krasnodar region, because I already
think that everyone understands that the issue of
Crimea is a matter of time
Kherson, they also said that Russia is here
forever, Kharkiv Russia is here
forever
But as it turned out, not for everyone  she’s here
forever, not for everyone Even
raccoons
now I think also from the cream
some kind of dolphinarium strike of dolphins
so I evacuate So
everyone in the Crimea who is waiting for the arrival of Ukraine to
you huge huge respect we
know you a lot you just
can’t show yours there  position
because it threatens with persecution but
Ukraine is coming Ukraine will soon be
international aid from NATO Anglo-Saxons
this Russian empire will be kicked
out of here
[music]
we will all live in Ukraine independent
rich
prosperous  because where are all these
collaborators Yes, the brainchild there is matrol even
then  in short, everyone was slammed here,
if not our special services, then in short,
all sorts of Wagnerites there, and that’s all, this is the
end of all these collaborators, how
we strive for the inglorious bastard
Glory to Ukraine Subscribe
Like subscribe to Telegram in the
comments